I would like to quickly suggest several companion courses that will
enhance your technical BA skill capabilities.
Early in this course,
I recommended that the technical BA should be knowledgeable
in agile and waterfall methodologies.
My course, Developing Effective Agile Sprint Plans,
will give you insight into agile and sprint planning that you need to help
you better relate and communicate with the dev teams.
My course, Project Management for Software Engineers,
will give you insight into the five key process groups of project management.
I have seen that many companies are doing a sort of blend of the two approaches,
agile and traditional.
So if you need to learn more about traditional project management,
you might want to check out this course.
All business analysts need to know how to make estimates,
whether you are a technical BA or any other kind of business analyst.
You might want to consider this course, Best Practices for Project Estimation.
Leadership and Communication Skills,
everything we talked about in this entire course has an
underpinning and a requirement for strong and dynamic
leadership and communication skills, especially for the medium to large gaps.
So check out the course,
Leadership and Communication Skills for Software Engineers. You won't regret it.